INSTRUCTIONS.md, before:

# Petshop Challenge - Running Instructions

## Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+
- Docker & Docker Compose

## Setup

1. **Install Dependencies**
   Run the following command in the root directory to install all dependencies for backend, frontend, and shared packages:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. **Environment Variables**
   The project is configured to work with default Docker values.
   If you need to customize, look at `docker-compose.yml`.

3. **Generate Prisma Client**
   Initialize the Prisma Client for the backend:
   ```bash
   npm run prisma:generate -w apps/backend
   ```

## Running the Application

To start the Database, Backend, and Frontend:

```bash
docker compose up
```

- **Frontend**: http://localhost:3000
- **Backend**: http://localhost:3333
- **Database**: localhost:5432 (user: user, pass: password)

## Development Info

- **Monorepo**: This project uses NPM Workspaces.
- **Backend**: NestJS with Prisma, implementing DDD and Repository Pattern.
- **Frontend**: Next.js 14+ with App Router, Shadcn/UI, and TailwindCSS.
- **Shared**: Zod schemas and TypeScript interfaces shared between apps.

## Database Migrations

During development, if you change `schema.prisma`, run:

```bash
npx prisma migrate dev --schema=apps/backend/prisma/schema.prisma
```

Commit message:

feat(backend): implement auth and animals modules with prisma and docker support
Establishes core business logic, JWT authentication, shared DTOs, and container setup.

INSTRUCTIONS.md, after:

# Petshop Challenge - Running Instructions

## Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+
- Docker & Docker Compose

## Setup

1. **Install Dependencies**
   Run the following command in the root directory to install all dependencies for backend, frontend, and shared packages:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. **Environment Variables**
   The project is configured to work with default Docker values.
   If you need to customize, look at `docker-compose.yml`.

3. **Generate Prisma Client**
   Initialize the Prisma Client for the backend:
   ```bash
   npm run prisma:generate -w apps/backend
   ```

## Running the Application

To start the Database, Backend, and Frontend:

```bash
docker compose up
```

- **Frontend**: http://localhost:3000
- **Backend**: http://localhost:3333
- **Swagger Docs**: http://localhost:3333/api
- **Database**: localhost:5432 (user: user, pass: password)

## Authentication (Swagger)

To test protected routes (like Creating or Updating Animals) on Swagger:

1.  **Register/Login**: Use the `Auth` endpoints (`/auth/register` or `/auth/login`).
2.  **Get Token**: Copy the `access_token` from the response.
3.  **Authorize**:
    - Click the green **Authorize** button at the top of the Swagger page.
    - Paste the token (just the code, e.g., `eyJhbG...`).
    - Click **Authorize** and then **Close**.
4.  **Test**: Now you can execute protected requests!

## Development Info

- **Monorepo**: This project uses NPM Workspaces.
- **Backend**: NestJS with Prisma, implementing DDD and Repository Pattern.
- **Frontend**: Next.js 14+ with App Router, Shadcn/UI, and TailwindCSS.
- **Shared**: Zod schemas and TypeScript interfaces shared between apps.

## Database Migrations

During development, if you change `schema.prisma`, run:

```bash
npx prisma migrate dev --schema=apps/backend/prisma/schema.prisma
```
